Ad Tech Engineering Team - PHP Developer
Media.net Contextual Advertising


Media.net, Directi's Internet Advertising Division, is one of the world's leading companies in the Contextual
Advertising space. We build technology that identifies the intent of a user viewing a webpage and then
shows advertisements related to what the user is looking for. We use Machine Learning, Data Mining, Linguistic
Analysis and Advanced Statistics to build contextual models to understand pages on the internet.
We serve our contextual real-time ads customized for each visitor and each page view across billions of visitors,
across 10's of millions sites/domains on a server infrastructure that runs 1000+ CPUs, terabytes of RAM, and 100's
of terabytes of data. We are a leading company in google ads space

What is the Job like?
As a PHP Developer in the AdTech Engineering area, you will work with world class dev teams to develop game-
changing, globally distributed, internet advertising products used by millions worldwide. These products involve
myriad technologies, diverse platforms, complex algorithms and latest application paradigms such as Ajax, NoSQL
databases, eventual consistency, distributed queues and are deployed across hundreds of servers in a super-
scalable fashion where a 10ms delay in response time could mean the difference between success and failure.
We believe that 'code speaks louder than words' and as such expect everyone at every level in the engineering team
to be comfortable with rolling up their sleeves, firing up their favorite IDE and writing clean, testable and well-
designed code.

Who should apply for this post?
You have mastered multiple platforms and - whether it is SOAP vs REST or Ajax vs Flex or Postgres vs MySQL
or Cassandra vs Voldemort - you know when to use which and can argue all the pros and cons of Strong typing
vs ease of use OR browser compatibility issues vs lack of community support OR MVCC vs multiple backend storage
engines OR scalability vs simplicity etc.
You continue to be very involved in technology and still check-in code. You are passionate about automated testing,
good design, performance and scalability. You have exceptional oral/written communication skills, excellent logical
reasoning and a keen sense of business. You can deliver good software with a kick-ass user experience, at a rapid
pace.

Skills, Knowledge and Experience

 A track record of working on scalable interactive web applications, preferably at a major internet property or
well known startup
 Good grasp on programming fundamentals including OOP, Design Patterns, Algorithms, Data
Structures, Networking and OS Concepts
 Solid experience of Object Oriented Design, and of MVC frameworks
 Familiarity with relational databases, experience of writing complex queries (we use MS-SQL/MySQL)
 Can exhibit a passion and enthusiasm for remarkable technology (Knowledge and contribution to open
source projects, Active Blog, etc...)
 Ability to learn emerging technical standards and apply/coach development team in proper adoption
 As an individual - it's in your nature to question why things are the way they are.
Bonus points
 Knowledge of Agile development methodologies (XP, Scrum etc)
 Active blogger
 Contribution to open source projects
 Ability to rattle off the names of every planet from Issac Asimov's Foundation Trilogy in reverse alphabetical
order

Benefits & Perks
Directians love their jobs, and not just because we offer the most competitive salaries in the industry. Our excellent
benefits include everything from great medical and life insurance to catered meals. Our workspaces are comfortable
and fun, complete with bean bag chairs, ping pong tables, and all the snacks you can eat. We have no dress code
(tee-shirts are a-ok!). We have flexible work hours and flexible holidays, which means that teams pick their own
work hours. Directi has its own concierge desk that doubles up as a travel agency?
We are passionate about building the next generation of web products, and we believe that happy directians are the
key to achieving this goal. If you like the idea of working in an exciting workspace on cutting-edge internet products
that make a truly global impact (and wearing flip-flops to work), then we want to get to know you!